# Module-8-Portfolio
	The first and main goal of DriverPass is to create an easier and helpful tool for students to be able to learn the rules and pass their driving exams. While that seems simple, you want to always make sure it includes everything you need to in order for students to succeed. They must have the ability to reach tools such as DMV rules & regulations, driving instructors, quizzes, test, and many more. The client is the one that the product owner finds that will be looking to support and help students with their driving skills development. When designing this system, I wanted to include as many accessories and tools as I possibly could to the system. This was me trying to include as many of those tools I have listed above so that way the system could have everything available to the customers. Now, thinking about the system and what I was designing I believe I was trying to add as much as I could more than making sure that everything felt cohesive. In other works, I think that I was trying to make sure that there was everything I want in the design, but not making sure that the proper alignments are being met and that everything in the design seem to make sense. I think that next time I design a system I need to focus on the basics and then build everything I want to add, not just add everything right away. Now, my best way of understanding my customers needs is taking everything they would like in the system, and work on the ability to make these things a reality. Understanding what they would like is always the first part however, by understanding what they desire we can see if it is possible to make this a reality or not. Since all systems can be different or just can’t make these things a reality, I choose to make sure that they can understand what is possible or what we might need to work on to make sure that this can be a reality. My main goals for next system is to as I said previously work on the basics of the system rather than trying to include everything and make sure to cover all of the basics of the design that the customer request. I am very proud of what I have created and I can’t wait to see what I learn in the future from what I have created. 
